index.md, before:

---
layout: homepage
---

## About Me

I am working as a Senior Formal Verification Engineer at [AMD Inc](https://www.amd.com/en). Previously, I worked as a Software Research Engineer for [Galois Inc](https://galois.com/).

## Research Interests
- **Software:** Formal verification, computer security, cryptography, SMT/SAT solvers, theorem proving, software engineering, and cybersecurity, and designing algorithms to solve unification problems
- **Hardware:** Formal verification of RTL designs using EDA vendor tools such as [VC-Formal](https://www.synopsys.com/verification/static-and-formal-verification/vc-formal.html) and [JasperGold](https://www.cadence.com/en_US/home/tools/system-design-and-verification/formal-and-static-verification/jasper-gold-verification-platform.html). I am currently working on the following formal applications:
  - Formal Property Verification (FPV)
  - Formal Register Verification (FRV)
  - DataPath Validation (DPV)
  - Assertion IP (AIP)

## Education
- **PhD Computer Science**, [University of Missouri](https://missouri.edu/), USA
- **MS Computer Science**, [Clarkson University](https://www.clarkson.edu/), USA
- **MTech Systems Analysis and Comp. App.**, [NITK](https://www.nitk.ac.in/), India
- **MSc Mathematics**, [Osmania University](https://www.osmania.ac.in/), India
- **BSc Maths, Electronics, Comp. Sci.**, [Kakatiya University](https://www.kakatiya.ac.in/), India

## News
- **[Jan. 2023]** Serving as a member of Front-end Design Engineering Track Committee for 60th DAC conference 2023.

## Publications
### Peer-reviewed Journal Articles
- **E-Brightpass: A Secure way to access social networks on smartphones**
  <br>
  With Chaitanyateja T et al.
  <br>
  In Cyber Security and Applications 2023.
  <br>
- **Mechanized Analysis of Vote Privacy Using Computationally Complete Symbolic Attacker**
  <br>
  Gergei Bana, Rohit Chadha, **Ajay Eeralla**
  <br>
  In preparation to submit to the Journal of Computer Security. **JCS 2022**.
  <br>
- **Frequency-Minimal Utility-Maximal Moving Target Defense against DDoS in SDN-based Systems**
  <br>
  Saptarshi Debroy, Prasad Calyam, Minh Nguyen, Roshan L. Neupane, Bidyut Mukherjee, **Ajay Eeralla**, Khaled Salah
  <br>
  IEEE Transactions on Network and Service Management. **TNSM 2020**.
  <br>
  [[PDF](https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=X0-i6YYAAAAJ&citation_for_view=X0-i6YYAAAAJ:ufrVoPGSRksC)]
  <br>
- **Bounded ACh Unification**
  <br>
  **Ajay Eeralla**, Chris. Lynch
  <br>
  Mathematical Structures in Computer Science. **MSCS 2020**
  <br>
  [[PDF](https://www.cambridge.org/core/services/aop-cambridge-core/content/view/17787C52DE784E559908907EC2F8C79A/S0960129520000183a.pdf/Bounded_ACh_unification.pdf)]
  <br>
- **Verification Methods for the Computationally Complete Symbolic Attacker Based on Indistinguishability**
  <br>
  Gergei Bana, Rohit Chadah, **Ajay Eeralla**, Mitsuhiro Okada
  <br>
  ACM Transactions in Computational Logic. **ACM TOCL 2019**
  <br>
  [[PDF](https://dl.acm.org/doi/fullHtml/10.1145/3343508)]
  <br>
  
### Peer-reviewed Conference Proceedings
- **Rule-Based Unification in Combined Theories and the Finite Variant Property**
  <br>
  **Ajay Eeralla**, Serdar Erbatur, Andrew M. Marshall, and Christophe Ringeissen
  <br>
  International conference on Language and Automata Theory and Applications. **LATA 2019**
  <br>
  [[PDF](https://hal.inria.fr/hal-01988419/file/combi-fc.pdf)]
  <br>
- **Formal Analysis of Vote Privacy Using Computationally Complete Symbolic Attacker**
  <br>
  Gergei Bana, Rohit Chadha, **Ajay Eeralla**
  <br>
  European Symposium on Research in Computer Security. **ESORICS 2018**
  <br>
  [[PDF](https://eprint.iacr.org/2018/624.pdf)]
  
<!--
- **Mnemonics Training: Multi-Class Incremental Learning without Forgetting**
  <br>
  **Yaoyao Liu**, Yuting Su, An-An Liu, Bernt Schiele, Qianru Sun
  <br>
  IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition. **CVPR 2020**.
  <br>
  [[PDF](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.10211.pdf)] [[Code](https://github.com/yaoyao-liu/mnemonics)] <strong><i style="color:#e74d3c">Oral Presentation</i></strong>

- **Learning to Self-Train for Semi-Supervised Few-Shot Classification**
  <br>
  Xinzhe Li, Qianru Sun, **Yaoyao Liu**, Shibao Zheng, Qin Zhou, Tat-Seng Chua, Bernt Schiele
  <br>
  33rd Conference on Neural Information Processing Systems. **NeurIPS 2019**.
  <br>
  [[PDF](http://papers.nips.cc/paper/9216-learning-to-self-train-for-semi-supervised-few-shot-classification.pdf)] [[Code](https://github.com/xinzheli1217/learning-to-self-train)]

- **Meta-Transfer Learning for Few-Shot Learning**
  <br>
  Qianru Sun\*, **Yaoyao Liu\***, Tat-Seng Chua, Bernt Schiele
  <br>
  IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition. **CVPR 2019**.
  <br>
  [[PDF](http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_CVPR_2019/papers/Sun_Meta-Transfer_Learning_for_Few-Shot_Learning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf)] [[Code](https://github.com/yaoyao-liu/meta-transfer-learning)] [[Project](https://mtl.yyliu.net/)]
-->

## Services
- Conference Reviewers: 60<sup>th</sup> DAC 2023 (a member of Front-end Design Track Engineering Committee)

Commit message:

Update index.md with invited lectures and reviewing services

index.md, after:

---
layout: homepage
---

## About Me

I am working as a Senior Formal Verification Engineer at [AMD Inc](https://www.amd.com/en). Previously, I worked as a Software Research Engineer for [Galois Inc](https://galois.com/).

## Research Interests
- **Software:** Formal verification, computer security, cryptography, SMT/SAT solvers, theorem proving, software engineering, and cybersecurity, and designing algorithms to solve unification problems
- **Hardware:** Formal verification of RTL designs using EDA vendor tools such as [VC-Formal](https://www.synopsys.com/verification/static-and-formal-verification/vc-formal.html) and [JasperGold](https://www.cadence.com/en_US/home/tools/system-design-and-verification/formal-and-static-verification/jasper-gold-verification-platform.html). I am currently working on the following formal applications:
  - Formal Property Verification (FPV)
  - Formal Register Verification (FRV)
  - DataPath Validation (DPV)
  - Assertion IP (AIP)

## Education
- **PhD Computer Science**, [University of Missouri](https://missouri.edu/), USA
- **MS Computer Science**, [Clarkson University](https://www.clarkson.edu/), USA
- **MTech Systems Analysis and Comp. App.**, [NITK](https://www.nitk.ac.in/), India
- **MSc Mathematics**, [Osmania University](https://www.osmania.ac.in/), India
- **BSc Maths, Electronics, Comp. Sci.**, [Kakatiya University](https://www.kakatiya.ac.in/), India

## News
- **[Jan. 2023]** Serving as a member of Front-end Design Engineering Track Committee for 60th DAC conference 2023.

## Publications
### Peer-reviewed Journal Articles
- **E-Brightpass: A Secure way to access social networks on smartphones**
  <br>
  With Chaitanyateja T et al.
  <br>
  In Cyber Security and Applications 2023.
  <br>
- **Mechanized Analysis of Vote Privacy Using Computationally Complete Symbolic Attacker**
  <br>
  Gergei Bana, Rohit Chadha, **Ajay Eeralla**
  <br>
  In preparation to submit to the Journal of Computer Security. **JCS 2022**.
  <br>
- **Frequency-Minimal Utility-Maximal Moving Target Defense against DDoS in SDN-based Systems**
  <br>
  Saptarshi Debroy, Prasad Calyam, Minh Nguyen, Roshan L. Neupane, Bidyut Mukherjee, **Ajay Eeralla**, Khaled Salah
  <br>
  IEEE Transactions on Network and Service Management. **TNSM 2020**.
  <br>
  [[PDF](https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=X0-i6YYAAAAJ&citation_for_view=X0-i6YYAAAAJ:ufrVoPGSRksC)]
  <br>
- **Bounded ACh Unification**
  <br>
  **Ajay Eeralla**, Chris. Lynch
  <br>
  Mathematical Structures in Computer Science. **MSCS 2020**
  <br>
  [[PDF](https://www.cambridge.org/core/services/aop-cambridge-core/content/view/17787C52DE784E559908907EC2F8C79A/S0960129520000183a.pdf/Bounded_ACh_unification.pdf)]
  <br>
- **Verification Methods for the Computationally Complete Symbolic Attacker Based on Indistinguishability**
  <br>
  Gergei Bana, Rohit Chadah, **Ajay Eeralla**, Mitsuhiro Okada
  <br>
  ACM Transactions in Computational Logic. **ACM TOCL 2019**
  <br>
  [[PDF](https://dl.acm.org/doi/fullHtml/10.1145/3343508)]
  <br>
  
### Peer-reviewed Conference Proceedings
- **Rule-Based Unification in Combined Theories and the Finite Variant Property**
  <br>
  **Ajay Eeralla**, Serdar Erbatur, Andrew M. Marshall, and Christophe Ringeissen
  <br>
  International conference on Language and Automata Theory and Applications. **LATA 2019**
  <br>
  [[PDF](https://hal.inria.fr/hal-01988419/file/combi-fc.pdf)]
  <br>
- **Formal Analysis of Vote Privacy Using Computationally Complete Symbolic Attacker**
  <br>
  Gergei Bana, Rohit Chadha, **Ajay Eeralla**
  <br>
  European Symposium on Research in Computer Security. **ESORICS 2018**
  <br>
  [[PDF](https://eprint.iacr.org/2018/624.pdf)]
  
<!--
- **Mnemonics Training: Multi-Class Incremental Learning without Forgetting**
  <br>
  **Yaoyao Liu**, Yuting Su, An-An Liu, Bernt Schiele, Qianru Sun
  <br>
  IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition. **CVPR 2020**.
  <br>
  [[PDF](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.10211.pdf)] [[Code](https://github.com/yaoyao-liu/mnemonics)] <strong><i style="color:#e74d3c">Oral Presentation</i></strong>

- **Learning to Self-Train for Semi-Supervised Few-Shot Classification**
  <br>
  Xinzhe Li, Qianru Sun, **Yaoyao Liu**, Shibao Zheng, Qin Zhou, Tat-Seng Chua, Bernt Schiele
  <br>
  33rd Conference on Neural Information Processing Systems. **NeurIPS 2019**.
  <br>
  [[PDF](http://papers.nips.cc/paper/9216-learning-to-self-train-for-semi-supervised-few-shot-classification.pdf)] [[Code](https://github.com/xinzheli1217/learning-to-self-train)]

- **Meta-Transfer Learning for Few-Shot Learning**
  <br>
  Qianru Sun\*, **Yaoyao Liu\***, Tat-Seng Chua, Bernt Schiele
  <br>
  IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition. **CVPR 2019**.
  <br>
  [[PDF](http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_CVPR_2019/papers/Sun_Meta-Transfer_Learning_for_Few-Shot_Learning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf)] [[Code](https://github.com/yaoyao-liu/meta-transfer-learning)] [[Project](https://mtl.yyliu.net/)]
-->
## Invited Lectures
- Given an invited lecture on Theorem Proving for the class, ECE 382M, Verification of Digital Systems, in UT, Austin, USA
## Reviewer
### DAC (Design Automation Conference)
- Served as a member of the Engineering Technical Program Committee in 60<sup>th</sup> DAC 2023 
- Served as a member of the Engineering Technical Program Committee in 61<sup>th</sup> DAC 2024
### CAV (Computer Aided Verification)
- Served as a reviewer in CAV 2024.
